How come?
Make it clear that the concubine is invited
The prince originally wanted to learn mahjong
But who knew that as soon as he entered the door, he plotted against the concubine
The concubine does not obey
He lit rosemary
I want to rape and humiliate my concubine
Liu
Can you swear to God that I gave the medicine?
Why not?
I, Liu Qingqing, swear to God
It's you, Chen Yuanxiao, who have bad intentions for me
Better than a beast
13 What he said is true
Father, I was framed and still arguing
Chen Yuanxiao
Thinking of brotherhood, I wanted to save you some face
I didn't expect you to be so stubborn
Father, emperor and children searched the bedroom of Concubine Liu Gui
Chen Yuanxiao was discovered
Take into account the weight of Concubine Liu
Come to bed
Ladies and gentlemen, if Chen Yuanxiao is innocent
Then where did this falling red come from?
It can't be that Concubine Liu Guifei humiliated herself, right?
Witnesses and physical evidence are all in the father
Please order Chen Yuanxiao to be severely punished
To show alumni
I sort of hear it.
It turns out that you are the one who framed me
My good big brother